{\rtf1\ansi
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
\pard\plain \qc WriterDuet Tutorial\par
\pard\plain \qc by\par
\pard\plain \qc Guy Goldstein\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb240\qc\caps\page\li720\ri-1000 \ul WELCOME TO WRITERDUET\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb240\ql\li720\ri-1000 This tutorial walks you through WriterDuet's main features.\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb240\ql\li720\ri-1000 Follow the blue arrows, clicking or typing wherever they point. And e-mail guy@writerduet.com if you have questions!\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb480\ql\caps\li720\ri-1000 BUCKY IRONFIST FLYS TO ANOTHER PLANET\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb240\ql\li720\ri-1000 Captain Ironfist is sitting at the bridge of the ship with his crew. \par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb480\ql\caps\li720\ri-1000 BUCKY GETS A MISSION\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb240\ql\li720\ri-1000 The computer screen on the ship flashes and bucky recieves to investigate a planet.\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb480\ql\caps\li720\ri-1000 BUCKY FLYS TOWARDS THE PLANET\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb240\ql\li720\ri-1000 The ship powers up and flys through space to the planet\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb480\ql\caps\li720\ri-1000 SURPRISE ATTACK!\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb240\ql\li720\ri-1000 As the ship approaches the planet another ship shoots its lasers at the ship.\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb480\ql\caps\li720\ri-1000 THE SHIP TAKES DAMAGE.\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb240\ql\li720\ri-1000 The ship takes some damage and begins to shake with explosions.\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb480\ql\caps\li720\ri-1000 SHOOTING BACK\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb240\ql\li720\ri-1000 The crew man the lasers and begin to fire back.\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb480\ql\caps\li720\ri-1000 THE ENREMY SHIP LOSES.\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb240\ql\li720\ri-1000 The shots fired hits the enemy ship and it exploads\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb480\ql\caps\li720\ri-1000 RECOVERY\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb240\ql\li720\ri-1000 Buckys ship checks its damage and starts to repair itself\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb480\ql\caps\li720\ri-1000 LANDS ON PLANET\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb240\ql\li720\ri-1000 The ship flies down towards the planet to complete its mission.\par
\pard\plain \f0\fs24\sb240\qc\caps\li720\ri-1000 \ul THE END\par
}
